
Bible Verses:

1 Corinthians 15:41
[There is] one glory of the sun, and another glory of the moon, and another glory of the stars:
for [one] star differeth from [another] star in glory.

Isaiah 41:10

King James Version (KJV)
10 Fear thou not; for I am with thee: be not dismayed; for I am thy God: I will strengthen thee;
yea, I will help thee; yea, I will uphold thee with the right hand of my righteousness.



Youtube Inteview with Amarillo College Ranger
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FGvzLqwvGfU


Author Interview
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jc5yigS19UY&feature=youtu.be


Upcoming Events:

Book signing at Amarillo College: May 1, 2013- 2:00 pm 2nd floor of the Union

Boys Ranch Visitation: May 8th, 2013

May 18th: I am speaking at the Badger Hearts Graduation Ceremony as the Keynote Speaker.

May 29th: Wilderado Middle School
Guest Speaker on "What is it like to be an Author?"

June 2nd: First Baptist Keynote Speaker
Interview with Dr. Howie Batson

June 4th: I am speaking at the Canyon Rotary Club at 12:00 in the First United Bank Center- Buffalo Room.

June 6th: Austin Middle School Assembly
Guest Speaker on "Being an Author, and Being a Star."

(The Rotary Club on this day, has been moved to the 20th.) 

June 8th: Book Signing at Roasters Coffee on Georgia
Bring your book!

June 16th: I am the Keynote speaker for the Lion's Club at Second Baptist Church in Amarillo. 

June 20th: I am the keynote speaker for the Amarillo Rotary Club at 12:00 at Amarillo Club.

Book Signing at Canyon Library: August 3rd, 2013, 12-2pm




Author, Motivational Speaker

Krystyne F. Aleksandr is the author of a Secret Star. While pursing her graduate career in 
Child Neuropsychology at West Texas A&M, Krystyne speaks to many churches, schools, and child 
advocate associations to share her story and shed light on child abuse, but mostly on survival. 


Testimonials

"Honestly, I just couldn't put this book down. And it was really difficult, because in reading it... all of the horrible things... there is times that you want to, but you just can't. You have to keep going, because you know that this little girl had to." -Chelsea Cheshire

"Powerful. Inspriational. Amazing. Krystyne is an amazing woman." -Judy Jackman

"I teach Sunday school, and I was studying for my lesson right before. It was about anger and forgiveness. I began in the bible, but the next thing I knew, God brought me to Krystyne's book. I read out of it the next Sunday morning, and it had such an amazing impact. This book will change lives." -Pat Barnett